look my name is chaim Bernal from New
Braunfels Texas I'm 56 years old and I'm
a six-time non-hodgkins lymphoma cancer
survivor I have been coming to sodomy
for the last four years for treatment I
heard about it for the first time in
2005 and you saw the International
Convention and once we heard about it
having been a five-time attention
survivor at that time I knew it was very
important for me to look for an
alternative treatment source in my first
treatment in June 2006
I would came in for a health assessment
and after that they recommend that stay
for two weeks I went through an
extensive detox program but because of
my chemotherapy treatments that I had in
the past
the mother effort was very damaged that
we needed to work it rebuilding it and
so I went through the detox I have
worked on the nutritional side of things
that they have taught me and we came
back six months later for a check-up in
December of 2006 and I was doing much
better what they told me though is that
they couldn't help me completely until I
actually had another tumor traditional
doctors there in the u.s. their attitude
was your cancer who will return it's
just a matter of time so they crushed
whatever hope you you might have that it
would go away
here at sauna B they told me that they
could help me a great deal when they had
a tumor so in October 2007 my cancer
returned for the sixth time I
immediately called them and scheduled
the surgery here sodomy and had the
tumor removed from that they were able
to create a transfer factor I don't know
what that is scientifically but I know
in layman's terms they took my tumor in
the laboratory and cultured healthy
white blood cells
that incorporated an oral vaccine that I
took over a six-month period to rebuild
my immune system what was also great
about that I had to be in a treatment
low immune system rebuilt and they took
another portion of my timer and they
tested the different drugs outside my
body in the laboratory to determine
which would be most effective on my kind
of cancer so again I was not exposed
today so why would I choose sodomy
because they treat the individual and of
the disease
why would I recommend sodomy to others
that I would say because I've had such a
tremendous health improvement in the
last six years I have come back after
three years since the transfer factor
I've here for my fourth time about in my
fourth stay here and the test results
have been remarkable that my numbers
have been great I just had a cat expand
my body was free of cancer and I just
find the son of them to be a place that
I completely trust and the care is
awesome everyone cares for you is a
place where everyone's walking around
smiling and it's like staying at a
five-star health resort but there's also
a hospital here the rooms are all ocean
view as your treatment includes massages
meditation
workouts the entire thing so you're able
to take down the mind-body-spirit type
of approach to health care that's what I
love about
you